Dutch analysis on the full human
genome of George and Ash's killer
finally came through.
Confirmation of what we already
know - male, mixed ethnicity.
Very hard without
a full face morphology
to see what this bloke
would look like.
And we have something else in
common - I've also lost a loved one.
I'm sorry.
But if he had been murdered,
I don't know how you survive that.
Don't think I could've
got through it without my kids.
After this... I've decided
not to return to the DPP.
It's a tough job, Richard.
The isolated nature of the bar is...
I wasn't actually asking for advice.
This visionary development
has only been made possible
by your state government
agreeing to sell the Crown land
on which this centre will be built
for the nominal sum of $1.
I see this embryo
as a potential baby of mine
and a potential niece or nephew of
my sister who's no longer with us.
Ms King, as the de facto partner
of the deceased
at the time of her death,
has title to that embryo.
The appeal is dismissed and the
decision of the trial judge stands.
According to this, Heather was
in here at 2:16am for seven minutes.
At quarter past two in the morning?
Where were you, uh, last night?
If I'm under official investigation,
I'll give you his name.
Until then,
a bit of trust would be nice.
We know these weapons
are being imported
by someone Brett was working for.
And whoever it is
has so far made no attempt
to pick up a container that'd give
them a multimillion-dollar payday.
Janet, I've got a lot of options
on the table
and this ship is sinking right now.
Help us save it.
How?
The shadow caused
by my impending appearance
before the
State Corruption Commission
means we are unable to fulfil
our wider brief.
While I refuse to resign,
I have no choice
but to suspend this Royal Commission
until that investigation
has been completed.
All sessions of the Commission
have been cancelled
and all current operations
will cease immediately.
(THEME MUSIC PLAYS)
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
LYKKE LI:
♪ My one heart hurt another
♪ So only one life can't be enough
♪ Can you give me just another
♪ For that one who got away?
♪ Lonely
♪ I'm so alone now
♪ There'll be no rest for the wicked
♪ There's no song for the choir
♪ There's no hope for the weary
♪ If you let them win
without a fight... ♪
We're closed.
Thought you'd still be here.
Just got the call to be a witness at
your Corruption Commission hearing.
Want to give us a heads up
about what they might ask?
I think they're fairly desperate
to find anything
that can be twisted
to cast me in a bad light,
no matter how tiny, tenuous
or historical.
Right. How far back can they go?
Well, I was born in 1974, so anything
before that probably can't be counted
and our paths haven't crossed
until now, so...
There was Queen and Doherty.
2012, Jandamarra Doherty,
accused of rape.
I was the instructing
defence solicitor.
Turned on consent, you got
the jury to believe her, not him.
Sent a few fairly aggro texts
about you when you went down.
She was a very credible witness.
Nah, turned out to be
a complete liar.
Well, if the defence knew that,
then they should have proven it.
Not that easy sometimes,
particularly against you.
Anyway, ancient history,
love you to bits now.
Night, Heather.
Night.
(DRAMATIC CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYS)
(COMPUTER BLEEPS)
(LINE RINGING)
Hey.
It's on.
Camera?
They're in the container now.
Who, Bao Long?
Uh, it's hard to see,
but there's two of them.
Is it still at the docks?
No, no. It's been moved to
some kind of back lot somewhere.
Oh, hang on, they're taking
one of the fridges out now.
Listen, I'm at home.
OK. Be there in a sec.
(DOORBELL CHIMES)
What's happened?
Hey.
Two heavy guys arrived first -
I think they're the sellers.
And then a few bikies after them.
Ah. Nice place.
Thanks. Um, alright, you sit
down there, I'll turn this around.
This big guy in the middle -
sergeant-at-arms
for the Death Angels.
Broke a jockey's legs
for Bao last year.
Guy wouldn't fix a race
he was supposed to.
Do we think this guy
organised the import?
Nah, he's just muscle.
Well, at least we've got some ID
so we can follow it up.
Mm.
OK.
Time to display the goods.
Who's this?
Holy fuck.
Patrick Boccaro.
He must have organised it -
the container, drive-by,
George's murder.
He must have imported
the first lot of Zodiacs as well.
This is enough to arrest him.
Not yet, though.
He's the one who imported the...
Why go to the cops now?
This is exactly
what's going to save the Commission.
Till you get us back up and running,
and I'll make sure
he doesn't go anywhere, yeah?
The problem is
I can't touch him yet.
This is pretty damning evidence.
Yeah, but it's useless unless I'm
cleared by the Corruption Commission.
If I'm not,
Patrick will just get a fat QC
to argue that because I'm tainted,
all the evidence against him
is equally tainted
and everything will be nolled.
That'll be it, gone -
my last chance to find out
who it really was...
..who shot Ash.
You always knew
why I took on this Commission.
And now the man with...
with the answer
might walk off into the sunset.
To bring him down, I need
the Royal Commission up and running
with no mud stuck to it.
So I need a QC better than his.
To argue what?
Well, that's what I'm relying
on you to find.
An argument?
Yeah.
To stop the State Corruption
Commission hearing from going ahead?
(SIGHS)
(PHONE RINGS)
Janet, you OK?
Yeah, no, I'm fine,
I just can't sleep.
(EXHALES)
Have you got any chamomile?
I'm not a tea person.
You just haven't found
the right tea.
Iced rose and hibiscus on a hot day?
Come right at me.
BOTH: ♪ Little star
ALL: ♪ How I wonder what you are
Up above... ♪
No, you don't want to do
the actions this morning. Alright.
♪ Like a diamond... ♪
♪ Like a diamond in the sky... ♪
Why are you not looking?
I am, sweetie. It's amazing.
Just keep singing, it's really good.
♪ Twinkle, twink... ♪
♪ Twinkle, twinkle, little star... ♪
(PHONE BLEEPS)
(HUMS TWINKLE TWINKLE LITTLE STAR)
♪ How I wonder what you are... ♪
Mummy, where are you going?
No, I'm here, I'm here.
But I have to go to work.
We'll do one more song?
BOTH: I want a song!
OK, stop... stop fighting. Shush.
EMMA: I want a song!
Stop... OK, where is Grandma?
Alright, munchkins,
breakfast time, here it comes.
Mum, they're going to need
a knife and fork.
You know, they're not...
They can't eat it with their hands.
Off you go.
I just need to...
(COMPUTER BLIPS)
(PHONE RINGS)
Owen. What's happening?
OWEN: I stayed at Boccaro's house,
followed him across town
this morning.
And?
He's having a champagne breakfast.
Celebrating?
You'll never guess who with.
Heather.
Our Heather?
Mm-hm.
I mean, I knew they knew each other,
but, uh, pretty chummy.
OK, are you going to stay with him?
(EXHALES) I haven't had
this much fun in forever.
Keep me posted.
(PHONE BLEEPS)
Good of you to see us, Roger.
Don't you have a day job?
Uh, on leave, nose banging against
the grindstone in a couple of weeks.
Meanwhile, I'm concerned
about the future of this place.
This inquiry into Janet,
it's trivial, single text.
When we were set up
20-odd years ago,
this state was rife with corruption.
Pollies colluded with lawyers,
lawyers colluded with cops,
cops colluded with criminals,
criminals paid anyone
who stuck out their hand.
'New South Wales for sale' -
that's what it was called.
We stamped it out.
'To investigate and prevent
corruption among public officials' -
that's your charter.
Yeah, that's right.
And an officer of the court
advising kids on how to avoid arrest
lands right in that ballpark.
Except it doesn't.
You might think it does,
but under the terms of the Act,
the SCC explores corruption by
and collusion
between public officials.
And that text message
didn't cause any public officials
to act corruptly.
There was no raid on the house.
No police were paid
to look the other way.
No judge was bribed to acquit.
Oh, for God's sake,
even the bloke at the pub could see
that she attempted
to pervert the course of justice.
And investigating an individual
perverting the course of justice
is not a power the SCC actually has.
Individuals come under the remit
of the Department
of Public Prosecutions.
Ipso facto,
if somebody were to challenge
the validity of these hearings
in the High Court,
you'd have to refer
the case to... well, me.
And I would find
that Janet had no case to answer
because no raid occurred.
We've run and won dozens
of similar investigations.
The findings of which
would all be called into question
if you go ahead
with this public hearing.
You're going to look like a lawyer
who's using the fine print
to avoid interrogation.
He'll look like a lawyer
who actually understands the law.
REPORTER: How do you feel, Ms King?
I'm delighted.
Because you won't have to
answer the allegations?
Because I have no case to answer
and I'm glad it's been resolved
without wasting any more time
or money.
REPORTER: Ms King!
Commissioner Embry's decision
demonstrates the care
the SCC takes with public funds.
Does this mean you'll resume
the Royal Commission, Ms King?
Yes, it does.
(PHONE RINGS)
When will the investigation...?
Thank you. Excuse me.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'll be happy
to answer some questions.
Owen.
OWEN: Yeah, Boccaro's on the move.
I've been following him
across town.
Is Heather still with him?
No, he's on his own.
Oh... hang on.
What?
He's stopping.
Where?
No, it's just a car park.
I'm going to follow him.
Janet?
He's waiting. Must be
a meeting of some kind, I think.
Someone's here.
Who is it?
Boccaro's getting something.
It's the money.
I think it's the money.
I've got to film this.
Owen...
(PHONE BEEPS)
(PHONE DINGS)
Fuck me.
Oh, hey, welcome back.
Thanks.
I saw on the news
you beat some charges.
Ah, more or less. Listen, um,
remind me to fix up my account.
No, there's no rush.
I may be finished by the end
of the week. Don't let me forget.
How it must be to be you -
I mean, you're running a Royal
Commission, amazing two children
and you still look
completely immaculate.
Oh, I don't know about that.
I enjoyed our drink.
Sorry?
What you said, I feel light,
like things are in focus.
That's good to hear, Peta. Excuse me.
Oh, it's not so much
morning sickness -
I feel like I could
throw up all day.
See, that's another reason
I never had kids - I hate to chuck.
Everything OK?
Yes, good.
Welcome back, everyone.
Alright, well, we've answered
a lot of the big questions,
like, who killed Todd Wilson,
how was Simon Hamilton involved
and how were the Nobakhts connected?
But the central question remains -
who is importing and distributing
these prohibited Zodiacs?
Well, today...
that question will be answered.
Mr Boccaro,
when the Commission was suspended,
we ceased active surveillance
on a particular container
at Port Botany - JL134976.
Do you know what was inside
that container?
No idea.
500 prohibited Zodiac handguns
hidden in fridges.
We had to leave
those deadly weapons unwatched
and when I checked in
with the harbourmaster this morning,
he told me that the container
had been picked up a few days ago
by a freight company,
destination unknown.
Well, that is unfortunate.
Would have been, yes,
except that Commissioner King
authorised a single microcamera
to be installed
inside that container.
Really?
Unfortunately, the trade-off
for size is limited capability.
So the camera started transmitting
when the doors opened,
but without a movement function,
we just had to hope that
the right people walked into frame.
It's a low-percentage strategy
but the only option left to us.
Please.
So, there you can see
the handguns hidden in the fridges.
Genius.
Oh, and just for the record,
we removed the firing pins
so these guys are basically
being sold water pistols.
But they're just the buyers -
they didn't arrange the importation.
Recognise that car, Mr Boccaro?
I'm sure you can confirm that
is you, Mr Boccaro. Am I right?
That is you receiving $8 million
for prohibited firearms
illegally imported by you, yes?
(CORK POPS)
(CHEERING AND WHOOPING)
Um, I just...
I want to thank you all.
Everyone's played a vital role.
The hours, days, weeks...
Don't forget the months.
..and months of hard work of bringing
Patrick Boccaro to justice
is an achievement that we all share.
So, really, cheers.
ALL: Cheers.
Thanks.
BIANCA: Who would've thought?
Get yourself a drink.
Thank you.
Hey. Don't you want one?
(SIGHS) Still can't believe it.
What an evil, weak bastard.
Oh, well. Cheers.
Congratulations.
Mm, thank you.
Very impressive hearing. Does
rather rain on my parade, of course.
I've just gifted the bloke
five hectares of Crown land.
Political fallout won't be pretty.
Still, slings and arrows.
You've done a tremendous job
with this Commission -
impressed people, including myself.
I was just saying
to the Premier the other day,
we need more women judges.
And younger women, too.
You're offering me a new job.
Well, certainly canvassing
future options.
And I do have the influence,
and your skills
should be put to their best use.
I haven't finished this job yet.
Well, what could be bigger
than exposing Boccaro?
Have you got one of these
new models, Lincoln?
Great camera -
you could make a movie.
After we saw that surveillance
footage, Owen followed Patrick.
(VIDEO PLAYS)
PATRICK: Mr Attorney-General.
I hope you're still in the market
for some fine china.
Matter of fact, I am.
An anniversary gift for my wife,
although she prefers diamonds,
apparently.
That is precisely
what I'm looking for.
Thank you.
Take care.
How much was in that suitcase?
Four million? Five? The whole eight?
That was a private sale,
entirely between myself and Boccaro.
And it was totally unrelated to your
decision to sell Patrick Boccaro
an incredibly valuable
piece of Crown land for only $1.
Completely. I discussed
that decision with my colleagues.
Some of who, no doubt, also got
a chunk of Boccaro's money, yes?
I mean, why should it go
to the general state revenue
when it can end up in your pocket?
That land sale was approved by
Cabinet, went through due process.
After Patrick Boccaro
made you an offer
for a tea set you couldn't refuse.
That was a perfectly legal sale
of private property
with a price agreed
between two willing parties.
Well, you may be right.
Let me ask you this.
The murder that started
this Royal Commission
turned out to be
Jane Carter's crime of passion.
Patrick Boccaro turned out to be
an importer of illegal weapons,
and then you sell him a tea set
for millions of dollars
in the same week
you gift him public land.
So, who's the biggest enemy to
public safety - Jane, Patrick or you?
I had no idea about the importation
of those guns.
It only happened because you're here.
Organised crime can exist
without corruption,
but it can't grow without corruption.
So now I've finished the job
you asked me to do -
I've uncovered who's at the bottom
of the upsurge in firearm crime
in this city.
Irony. Bummer, isn't it?
It'll all be in the report you
were so keen for. Every last word.
No actions of mine
have contravened the Crimes Act.
You can either step down now,
Lincoln, before my report comes out
or you can wait to see how
the public react to your behaviour.
It's a shame no-one
got to hear about yours.
Yeah, well, this isn't about me.
So I'll leave your decision
in your capable hands.
Of course,
now you'll never know the answer
to the one murder
you most wanted to solve.
At least that's some consolation.
BIANCA: Those weren't the first
illegal weapons you've imported.
This one's been in the country
for at least two years.
Been used in several serious crimes,
most recently the drive-by shooting
Brett Bonar did on the Nobakhts
to frighten them into being
the contact for your container.
Did Brett look after
many of your guns?
That gun was found
at Brett Bonar's house.
Was he the only person who used it?
Well, Todd Wilson might have. He was
the turkey who stole it from my car.
I told Brett to get it back.
But not before you used it
for the drive-by?
But before that,
did you lend it to others?
I'm not much of a one
for lending valuable items.
People don't respect a thing
unless they pay for it.
So you hired out the gun?
If someone comes to me
with a problem,
I'll sit down with them
for a coffee, see if I can help.
Couple of years ago,
a woman called Ashleigh Larsson
was killed by that gun.
Who'd you share a coffee with
that time?
No, I don't think
my memory's that good.
We're going to find that man
with or without you.
We know all about
your relationship with him.
We know that man told you George
Healy was about to talk to us.
We know he was there
when Brett carried out
your order to kill George.
That same man said
we had surveillance on the container
and that he broke into
the Royal Commission office
and stole Commissioner King's iPad.
So, you see,
we're this close to him.
No, they were close to you.
You weren't close to them.
You've got things so arse about
you'll never find them.
Cooperation will improve
your position, Patrick.
Really?
What can you offer me -
discounted sentence
immunity from prosecution.
And even if you could
knock a couple of years off,
I still wouldn't tell you
what you want to know,
'cause that person
who killed Ash Larsson by mistake,
they'll have another crack at Janet
King in the next couple of days
and I will be there,
cheering from the sidelines.
So, hug your kids tight
and say goodbye, you smart bitch.
It was meant to scare you.
He's getting revenge
the only way he can.
He said they were coming for me,
but why did he mention the kids?
He mentioned the kids.
It's just a fear campaign. Don't
give him the reaction he wants.
Really?
We'll look after you.
Nothing's going to happen.
You heard him say that we had
Ash's killer arse about,
so what have we missed?
He said he was close to us.
OK, what haven't we found?
This is the lab report from Holland
on the DNA of the balaclava,
and if you look at the mutations,
we've got the warrior gene,
freckles...
But this one -
'androgen insensitivity'.
Let me look it up. 'Androgen'...
What's this say?
"What is androgen insensitivity?"
OK.
"The newborn AIS infant
has undescended testes
"but external genitals
of normal female appearance,
"though they do not menstruate
and are not fertile."
What?
So the DNA reads male, it's XY,
but because of the mutation,
they'll look female.
We were thinking it's a man -
it's a woman.
A childless woman.
Heather.
What?
It's been bothering me for weeks,
the amount of coincidences
involving her,
the fact she can't account
for where she was that night.
No, I mean, she's been on the team
for months.
Who appointed her? You?
No. Lincoln. He asked around
for a good local solicitor.
Asked who? His mate Patrick?
No, I can see where
you're going with this, but I just...
It can't be her.
Why would Heather
want to kill Ash or you?
Look, this may not mean anything,
but I know she blames me
for convicting one of her clients.
Who?
Jandamarra Doherty.
What was the case?
Rape.
She swears the girl was lying.
She mentioned it to me the other day.
Well, I'll see
if he's on the system, but...
(SIGHS)
..I mean, she's been so dedicated.
I'm just looking at the facts, Andy.
Someone's clearly after Janet,
and, whoever they are, they've been
privy to all sorts of RC business.
And now this DNA thing shows
they're a woman without children.
I can't believe Heather
sold George Healy out to Boccaro.
She was with me when we found him.
She was devastated.
Though...
Though what?
I mean, it was Heather who had given
herself time to tell Boccaro,
then driven Brett over
to shut George up...
And you heard Boccaro
say whoever killed Ash
was going to try again
in a couple of days -
'cause the RC will be packed up
and Heather's access to Janet will
go from bloody easy to much harder.
Andy was out half the night
on some Janet errand.
I am all too familiar
with the all-night Janet errand.
Might even miss those
when I've got my head
buried in the books
for the bar exam.
Mm...
Or maybe not.
Morning.
Hey, stranger.
I need you to come with me.
Are we going to talk to Boccaro?
I'm placing you under arrest
for murder.
(CHUCKLES) Pull the other one, spud.
You are not obliged to do or say
anything if you don't wish to do so,
but anything you do say
may be used in evidence.
Do you understand?
The afternoon George Healy
was found hanged
you were absent
from the Commission building
from 2:38pm to 4:09pm.
Where were you?
One month later,
your ID code was used
to access the Commission office
after hours.
Can you explain that?
Property was stolen -
Commission property and personal
items belonging to Janet King.
Did you take them?
January 4, 2014.
The night someone shot Ash Larsson,
where were you?
We know you're good mates
with Patrick Boccaro.
Did he supply you
with the firearm used in that crime?
Jandamarra Doherty.
Assault, B&E, resist arrest,
shoplifting, dealing, soliciting.
Major charge sheet
since he did time for rape -
a conviction secured by Janet King.
You were close to Jandamarra
before he went down.
You've got a grudge against Janet
over him, don't you?
Well, it says so
right there on your phone.
August 7, 2012, 11:14am,
you sent a text
to a colleague in your office -
"Fucking Janet King.
"These prosecutors never understand
the pain they cause.
"If I got her alone at the moment,
I'd kill her."
An email to your brother
a few days later -
"I saw that King bitch on TV again.
"When I think about the damage
she's done,
"I'd like to give her a taste
of her own medicine."
There's a whole string of them -
bitter, violent.
And then they all stop
after Ash Larsson is killed.
What do you say to that?
Andy, you can ask questions
until you're blue in the face.
I'm not saying a bloody thing.
It's all over the media.
The AG has just resigned.
Has he, indeed?
Well, then, it must be time for this.
Thank you.
What for?
For not being a man
entirely of self-interest.
Although, there will be
a by-election now,
both parties will be looking for
an outstanding candidate.
Don't you dare.
What, lead the DPP? Me? Never.
Although, I might.
Uh, it's probably best
that we don't touch Heather's desk.
I know. It just seems unbelievable.
Yeah.
Hey, you taking some time off?
I'll have to write the report
for the Governor
and then I'm going to
pick up the kids,
take them on a treat
overseas somewhere.
How about you?
Oh, um... back to work, I suppose.
Though it's tempting
to take some long-service leave,
avoid trying to convict
child sex offenders.
Save your leave
for after the baby's born -
that's when you really
want to be home.
With my little miracle. (CHUCKLES)
I'm very excited for you.
Your whole body will fill
with these amazing love hormones
and it just makes you
a better human being.
It really is miraculous.
Yeah. Especially for us.
I was given something
I wanted more than anything
but thought I could never have.
Hardly a better feeling
in the world.
What's all this doing here still?
Oh, Andy has to return everything
non-lethal to Brett's next of kin.
Shitty job, really -
"Your son's been shot
"but here is his wallet,
laser torch, elevator key
"and phone
that you'll never call again."
I'm going to finish packing up.
What about Richard?
Oh, he was nearly finished
packing up when he got the call.
What call?
Why me?
You're thorough,
and we've been working together
for the last three months.
I just need someone
to represent me at the bail hearing.
For a murder charge, you have to
prove exceptional circumstances.
How about a piss-weak Crown case?
Ties to the jurisdiction,
40 years old,
no prior convictions,
not even a fucking parking fine.
I'll do daily reporting.
Now should I be granted bail?
Where were you during the 90 minutes
you weren't at the Commission
on the afternoon George died?
Meeting with Patrick Boccaro about
his tender for the netball courts.
Well, they claim
he's a co-conspirator,
so an alibi from him
has little value.
But true, nonetheless.
And the night the Royal Commission
was robbed
by someone using your passcode?
I was with Dale Cardy.
The... the footballer?
Yes.
Isn't he, like, just out of school?
He's 23.
Which is why I'd rather
not go public with that
until we absolutely have to.
There's no evidence it was me,
except the passcode,
which is highly circumstantial.
Even without an alibi,
their case is as weak as water.
What about Jandamarra Doherty?
You sent a lot of emotive texts
and emails about Janet
after she secured his conviction.
Yeah.
I was very emotional.
Jandy is my nephew,
and he was a bloody good kid
and Janet sent him to jail.
And he's come out with
a real serious addiction to ice
which is leading him
to all sorts of shit.
Why don't you represent yourself?
Because I'll probably
end up slapping someone.
Richard... I'm being charged
with murder and I need your help.
Why wouldn't you represent me?
Richard, I hear you're acting
for Heather O'Connor.
Only for the bail application.
Are you aware of what she's done?
Allegedly.
Well, when the DNA match comes back,
there won't be much 'allegedly'
about it.
If it's positive.
The odds are pretty good.
Maybe.
But until then,
the evidence is comparatively weak
and I believe that bail
should be granted.
Uh, I'm off.
OK.
Lina, thanks, great job.
If you need help with the report...
Yeah, I'll be in touch.
OK. Yeah. See you next weekend?
Sounds good.
The DNA results get back
in a couple of days.
It'll rule her out if she's innocent.
She could just wait.
She is entitled to apply for bail.
Don't give me that shit, Richard.
You know the stats of crimes
committed by people
who get out on bail -
it's staggering.
That is hardly always the case.
Why do you think Heather's
so desperate to get out?
You know the evidence
is circumstantial.
She's using you!
She knows you're on some bandwagon
to prove your independence.
I mean, for Christ's sake, Richard,
of all cases!
The first principles, Janet!
First principles!
Everyone is entitled
to the presumption of innocence
and to representation.
I won't be the one
making a decision on bail.
I will put her case
as the police will put yours.
And, please, stop expecting me
to always just do what you want!
So if you don't want to
miss the bail hearing,
why don't I pick up the kids? Easy.
Sounds good, thanks, Tony.
And, uh, if she makes bail,
we'll stay on here?
With the kids, yeah, until Heather's
back inside. I've got that approved.
I could even stay
if she doesn't make it
until we're absolutely sure
there's no further threat.
Had enough?
Yes, thank you. Well, I'm off.
Night.
So, that's the undercover officer
who was in your...
ON.
..ON your bed when the SCC raided.
Yeah.
Seems nice.
She is.
So, through all this mess,
a ray of sunshine.
She hasn't moved in, Tony.
Mm.
Would you like me
to have a word with Mr Stirling,
volunteer a definition
of the word 'loyalty'?
Well, he accepted a brief
like any professional lawyer should,
but pretty big betrayal.
Mm. Shame, that.
Ah, well, career-saving advocate
one week, bus driver the next.
Thank you.
Mm. Anytime, as ever.
Everything OK?
Oh, yeah, I mean, you don't
have to go back into the car,
unless... unless you want to.
Only thing I don't want to do
is presume.
Come on.
Well, these are very serious charges
your client is facing, Mr Starling.
Uh, it's 'Stirling', Your Honour.
Um, our application for bail
is purely based on the inherent
weakness of the Crown case.
Hardly surprising.
Your Honour, we're waiting
on the lab report
testing Ms O'Connor's DNA.
We anticipate it will strengthen
the case against the accused.
I take it you're opposing bail.
We are, Your Honour.
The accused poses
a very serious threat to Janet King
and is a considerable flight risk.
Your Honour, this is nonsense.
The evidence is weak
that Ms O'Connor
poses a credible threat to anyone,
let alone Janet King.
She is accused
of killing her partner.
Ms O'Connor
has no prior convictions,
she owns a house here,
her parents live in the area,
she's willing to consent
to onerous daily reporting...
Enough, enough.
If the strength of the evidence
is in dispute,
we have the police informant here,
Your Honour.
Court may wish to hear from him.
Thank you. Let's.
Can you read the text quoted in
your affidavit, please, Inspector?
"To hell with fucking Janet King.
"These prosecutors never understand
the pain they cause.
"If I got her alone at the moment,
I'd kill her."
And when was that text sent?
Four weeks after Jandamarra Doherty
was sentenced.
Do you know what prompted that text?
A conversation one of Ms O'Connor's
other clients overheard in a pub.
The girl whose evidence
had convicted Jandamarra
had reportedly laughed about it
later on,
saying, that'd teach him for
a punch-up he'd had with her brother.
The victim boasted about
lying under oath, in other words.
Apparently, yes.
And that resulted in a conviction
which ought to have been
overturned at law.
Ms O'Connor clearly thought so.
And that led to a moment
of frustration and anger.
It led to the murder
of Ashleigh Larsson.
Do you have any evidence placing Ms
O'Connor at the scene of that crime?
No, but we have other circumstantial
evidence that justifies this charge.
We have evidence of a friendship
between her and the man who owned
the gun that killed Ms Larsson.
Do you have any direct evidence
supporting the allegation
that Ms O'Connor
committed this crime?
We have a clearly established motive.
All the other information we have
regarding the profile
of Ashleigh Larsson's killer...
The question just requires
a yes or no, Inspector Campbell.
(EXHALES)
Inspector.
(SIGHS)
I'll ask you again.
Do you have any direct evidence?
No.
Your Honour, if it assists
in easing the path to bail,
Ms O'Connor is happy
to surrender her passport,
report to Bankstown police station
twice a day
and wear an electronic
monitoring device on her ankle
to alert police if she travels
beyond a 5km radius from her home.
Thank you, Mr Starling.
My name is Stirling, Your Honour.
With an I. Richard Stirling.
I will adjourn to consider
whether the exceptional
circumstances test for bail
has been met
and give my decision this afternoon.
Court is adjourned.
I'm chasing up
that face morphology from Holland.
Commission's paying,
so it'll come straight to you.
We'll get it much faster now
than a plain DNA match.
That should be enough
to get him to reject bail.
Got to help. Especially if
it's an obvious likeness.
It's drawn straight from
the genome code of Ash's killer.
How good are they - an identikit
from one strand of DNA?
Well, it's new science,
but some of them are uncanny.
Hey, what are you doing now?
Got to head back to the office,
pick some stuff up
and then I can shut the door
and head home.
I'll go pack, I'll see you there.
See you there.
It WAS just work,
and first principles.
I taught you too well.
I'm glad you did.
Mummy!
(SQUEALS) Ha-ha!
Mum!
(SQUEALS AND LAUGHS)
Whoo! Where's Tony?
He's hiding.
We're playing hide-and-seek
and it's my job to make sure
they don't go near the road.
Well, I'm glad
someone's being responsible.
Hey, you look different.
Have you won the lottery?
Nah, it's good to be with the kids,
all back together.
Ahh! Alright, you got me.
There he is.
You got me, you're too good.
How was your trip down?
Sang all the way. Joking.
How'd it go?
Adjourned.
I've just got to pick something up
for the final report.
I'll be five minutes.
Aye, aye, Skipper.
(CHUCKLES)
Let Mummy do it.
Alright.
Bye, Mum.
Bye, my cheekies.
Alright, it's our turn,
we're going to hide.
Can you count to 50?
Yeah, of course I can count to 50.
Can I play?
TWINS: Yes.
OK, quick, let's go.
Alright, one, two, three, four,
five, six...
OK.
(TWINS GIGGLE)
PETA: Sorry.
If you hide in here, he will never
find you. You know that, don't you?
Sorry.
That's OK.
Come on, guys. Let's go downstairs.
We're going to head downstairs.
Let's go hide.
I'll see you in a sec.
OK.
(TWINS SQUEAL)
Race you to the end!
(PHONE RINGS)
Bianca.
All packed, leaving now.
Any word from court?
No.
The Dutch?
(COMPUTER BLEEPS)
Oh, hang on.
Something's just come in.
Here we are.
Yep, this is it, we've got it.
DNA face morphology.
How's the likeness?
Just opening it.
Tell me it looks like Heather.
If it is, I'm sure she's gone.
Still loading.
Janet?
It's Peta.
Janet, what is it?
The face, it's Peta.
Coffee girl Peta?
Yes.
It's almost a photograph.
Oh, shit. That's where everyone
talked, outside buying coffees.
She would've heard all sorts of...
Is she there now?
She's with the kids!
PETA: Are you OK?
Yeah, fine. I'm sorry. Where are
the... where are the twins?
Uh, they're hiding.
Hiding where?
'Cause we've really...
we have to get going.
No, I'm not entirely sure, actually,
but I can help you look for them.
No, no, that's fine.
I'll look for them.
Emma!
No, I don't think they're up here.
Emma! Liam! The game's over!
Come here, please, now!
They might be down a level.
Where... where did you leave them?
Well, just around here I thought.
Peta, please,
where... where did you leave them?
Around here somewhere...
Please.
I am one thing,
but... but not my children.
Where...?
Please, where are they?
And I... I don't know...
who you really... really are
or what... what this is about
or why, so...
You know, but we can, um...
How long have you known?
Please...
(SIREN WAILS)
Andy, who are we dealing with here?
Her name is Peta Vickers.
Why would she kill Janet's partner?
Her name never came up
in the investigation.
What about cases? Janet's old cases?
That's what I mean.
We went through those.
OK, uh, Vickers.
OK, in early 2012,
Janet was asked to advise
in a claim of alleged historical
sexual abuse by a drama teacher.
The victim was a Nathan Vickers.
Who's that?
The brother?
Uh, husband.
Janet's advice was insufficient
evidence to proceed to trial.
Peta killed Ash because her husband
didn't get his day in court?
Three weeks after the case
was dropped,
Nathan Vickers
stepped in front of a train.
Get backup, Andy, and get there.
OK, guys, I need cars at the RC.
We've got to go now,
we've got to go now!
(SIREN WAILS)
My children.
Yeah, your children are
your saviours, aren't they, Janet?
You know when you were suffering
and I was suffering,
at least that was fair.
But why should you get saviours?
I mean, why should you
get to feel better?
(GUNSHOT)
I thought it was you that night.
I thought she was you.
I mean, that's normally your car,
right?
So, anyway, I fuck up.
But then I think,
"That's OK because this is karma.
"And now she's lost someone too."
And then you get
this Royal Commission.
So Boccaro brought me here
and he repays me, a favour,
and... and it just gives me
so much more.
And right in front of me,
you start rising above it
and you start
getting your shit together,
and I think, "Fuck you."
I know that you're hurting so...
What do you care?
You're right.
I don't.
Whatever happened to
whoever you lost, they had a choice.
We all have a choice.
You can blame or you can forgive,
you can help or hurt,
you can be a victim
or you can be a survivor.
You. Right now.
You can stay drowning
in your self-pity,
wanting to hurt me
as much as possible
or you can help yourself.
Now! Where are my children?!
I'll show you.
I'll show you. The lift's quicker.
(LIFT DINGS)
(LIFT BEEPS)
(SIREN WAILS)
What's going on?
Can you see them?
No, the keypad's smashed.
OK, they're in there.
(BANGS) Hey! Hey!
(CHILDREN SHOUTING FAINTLY)
Where are there children?
(CHILDREN'S SHOUTING INTENSIFIES)
Mummy!
(TWINS SHOUTING)
(ALARM BLARES, LIFT GROANS)
(BOTH GRUNT)
Hey! Hey!
(SIREN WAILS, TYRES SCREECH)
Hey!
Argh! Ahh!
(GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
(TWINS SHOUTING FAINTLY)
(TWINS SHOUT)
(JANET GRUNTS)
Suspect down!
Don't let the lift go down,
the kids are in the bottom.
Gunshot wound, we need an ambulance.
Let's clear her from the lift.
(TWINS SHOUT)
Mummy!
It's alright. OK.
I'm here.
It's alright, sweetheart.
Come here, darling.
(SIRENS WAIL)
JANET: "It's a wonderful world,
you will agree.
"When your hair's tied up
and you can see.
"Now as he passes, the people say.
"Good morning, sir.
"Have a great day."
(CHUCKLES)
Alright, teeth, bed,
and, if you're very quick,
I'll read you another story.
Come on. Up we go.
EMMA: Quickly.
See you there in a second.
Don't forget to brush
top and bottom.
I'll beat you!
SARAH BLASKO:
♪ Don't dream it's over
♪ Hey now, hey now
♪ When the world comes in
♪ They come, they come
♪ To build a wall between us
♪ You know they won't win
♪ Ahhhh, ah, ah, ahhh
♪ Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ahhh
♪ Ah, ah, ah, ah, ahhh
♪ Ah, ahhhh
♪ Ahhhh
♪ Now I'm walking again
♪ To the beat of a drum
♪ And I'm counting the steps
to the door of your heart
♪ Only shadows ahead
♪ Barely clearing the roof
♪ Get to know the feeling
of liberation and release
♪ Hey now, hey now
♪ Don't dream it's over
♪ When the world comes in
♪ They come, they come
♪ To build a wall between us
♪ You know they won't win
♪ Ah, ah, ah, ah, ahhh
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ahhh
♪ Ah-ah-ahhhh... ♪
(HEART BEATING ON MONITOR)
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org